Doc/fix link in readme (#210)
onflow/flow-go-sdk: README.md

### How Signatures Work in Flow

Flow introduces new concepts that allow for more flexibility when creating and signing transactions. 

> Before trying the examples below, we recommend that you read through the [transaction signature documentation](https://docs.onflow.org/concepts/transaction-signing/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before trying the examples below, we recommend that you read through the [transaction signature documentation](https://github.com/onflow/flow/blob/master/docs/content/concepts/accounts-and-keys.md#signing-a-transaction).
```

---

> #### [Multiple parties](https://docs.onflow.org/flow-go-sdk/signing-transactions/#multiple-parties)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### [Multiple parties](https://github.com/onflow/flow/blob/master/docs/content/concepts/accounts-and-keys.md#multiple-parties)
```
